running: Document how to enable password SSH logins on CoreOS (#420)
cockpit-project/cockpit-project.github.io: running.md

2. Reboot

3. Enable password based SSH logins, unless you only use [SSO logins](https://cockpit-project.org/guide/latest/sso.html):
   ```
   echo 'PasswordAuthentication yes' | sudo tee /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/02-enable-passwords.conf
   sudo systemctl try-restart sshd
   ```

4. Run the Cockpit web service with this privileged container (as root):
   ```
   podman container runlabel --name cockpit-ws RUN docker.io/cockpit/ws
   ```

5. Make Cockpit start on boot:
   ```
   podman container runlabel INSTALL docker.io/cockpit/ws
   systemctl enable cockpit.service
   ```

> _Steps 3 to 5 are optional if the CoreOS machine will only be connected to from another host running Cockpit._

Reviewer: When looking at the preview this morning, I realized it's kind of odd to have "optional" _after_ the steps. (It's a problem now, but it's even more noticeable with more points.)

Solutions (at least one or both):
- Move the optional message above the optional steps.
- State the step is optional in the step.

Author: Note that this was just a straight copy from https://github.com/cockpit-project/cockpit/blob/master/containers/ws/README.md . I updated the text as per your suggestions now. Once we land this, we need to sync this back to cockpit's container README, cockpit-container.git, and the docker.io/quay.io container descriptions.

2. Reboot

> This is sufficient if the CoreOS machine will only be connected to from another host running Cockpit. If you also want to run a web server for logging in directly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Steps 1 and 2 are enough when the CoreOS machine is only connected to through another host running Cockpit.

If you want to also run a web server to log in directly on the CoreOS host:
```

3. Enable password based SSH logins, unless you only use [SSO logins](https://cockpit-project.org/guide/latest/sso.html):
   ```
   echo 'PasswordAuthentication yes' | sudo tee /etc/ssh/sshd_config.d/02-enable-passwords.conf
   sudo systemctl try-restart sshd
   ```

> 4. Run the Cockpit web service with this privileged container (as root):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the Cockpit web service with a privileged container (as root):
```

   ```
   podman container runlabel --name cockpit-ws RUN docker.io/cockpit/ws
   ```

> 3. Make Cockpit start on boot:

Reviewer: I _think_ we can use 3. 4. 5. here still.

Author: That's not how markdown enumerations work, though. You can also write "0." or "1." everywhere, and it will always do the "proper" counting from 1. I'll try, though.

Author: Yup, pushed, and it's still rendered as "1. 2. 3.". Doesn't hurt though to keep it as 3. 4. 5. in the MD sources.
